Add cross-links between debug logging pages for the Collector and SDKs (#3210)
elastic/docs-content: troubleshoot/ingest/opentelemetry/edot-sdks/enable-debug-logging.md

## Verify you're looking at the right logs

> Ensure you’re checking logs for the same process that starts your app (systemd service, container entrypoint, IIS worker, etc.):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure you’re checking logs for the same process that starts your app (systemd service, container entrypoint, IIS worker, and so on):
```
